CSS properties: intro sentence in values section part 3 (#44936)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/container-type/index.md

### Values

> This property is specified as one of the following keyword values, optionally with the keywords `inline-size` or `size` if the keyword is `scroll-state`:

Reviewer: I think the original had valuable framing around single-value and two-value cases.
I'd suggest to add those back:
```suggestion
This property is specified as one or two keyword values from the following list. In the two-value case, one must be `scroll-state` and the other must be `inline-size` or `size`:
```
